The Saul of Saddo.
That is what my husband was called.
He seriously considered having all the witnesses expelled from this island.
He was even planning to purchase an island and have them move there.
If he learned the witnesses were preaching in Saddo, he immediately set out to stop them
and possibly took our brother to the seashore.
Even so, I never considered giving up.
Eventually, he decided to divorce me.
He told the children, choose who do you want to live with, your mother or me.
I gave our children whatever they wanted, but my wife gave them the rod of discipline.
They all made the same choice.
They chose me.
I was 100% sure that they would choose me, but they chose my wife.
They chose the rod over money.
Why?
How come?
It was a mystery.
So I didn't divorce her, but looked into the Bible instead.
He gradually made spiritual progress, joined the ministry school,
and received his first assignment.
But then he got a phone call from the Minister of Agriculture
and was invited to come up to Congress to make a report.
It was just on the day of his assignment.
This is quite an honor, so I plan to give the report to the Congress priority
and refuse the assignment on the school.
But that morning, I found a letter on the shoebox.
It was from the children.
It said, we are all looking forward to Daddy's talk.
I thought to myself, which is more valuable, giving a speech before Congress,
or a talk before my family who are looking forward to it so much,
I called the Minister and turned down his offer.
It ruined my relationship of cooperation with the politician.
But I thought that the bond with my family was more valuable.
When I think about it, it was a tireless love, care,
and respect my family showed that won me over.
Since I always came home late from work, my wife and children made message notebooks
in order to keep good communication with me to our kind daddy, welcome home.
Tomorrow you have to go far. It must be hard. Please take care.
Our greatest hope is that you study the Bible soon.
They are so caring and affectionate.
I just did what I thought I ought to.
From the beginning, I was confident that my husband would become a Jehovah's Witness.
And Jehovah would never abandon such a pure and gentle man.
Isn't it only natural that I would want to show love and respect to win over such a man?
Now, just as our children dreamed, we are praising Jehovah as a family.
And I am enjoying pioneering with my wife.
Our children have expanded their ministry to serve in countries where the need is greater.
We are enjoying Jehovah's blessings.
My husband was called the Saul of Sado.
But now, in this island where he tried to expel Jehovah's Witnesses,
he loves Christian friends and zealously preaches the Bible truth.
I am so thankful to Jehovah.
The Saul of Sado has become a pioneer in Sado.